# # WebhookCreate

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entity** | **string** | Specify the entity that you want to enable webhooks for (e.g product, order, customer, category) |
**action** | **string** | Specify what action (event) will trigger the webhook (e.g add, delete, or update) |
**callback** | **string** | Callback url that returns shipping rates. It should be able to accept POST requests with json data. | [optional]
**label** | **string** | The name you give to the webhook | [optional]
**fields** | **string** | Fields the webhook should send | [optional] [default to 'force_all']
**response_fields** | **string** | Set this parameter in order to choose which entity fields you want to retrieve | [optional]
**active** | **bool** | Webhook status | [optional] [default to true]
**lang_id** | **string** | Language id | [optional]
**store_id** | **string** | Defines store id where the webhook should be assigned | [optional]
**filtering_conditions** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ParamDefinitionFilteringConditionsFilterCondition**](ParamDefinitionFilteringConditionsFilterCondition.md) | &lt;p&gt;Defines the logic for filtering webhooks based on the entity&#39;s data. If provided, the webhook will only be sent if the entity matches the specified conditions. Pass &lt;strong&gt;null&lt;/strong&gt; to disable filtering and receive all webhooks (for &lt;strong&gt;webhook.update&lt;/strong&gt; method).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;The filter accepts a recursive JSON object. The maximum nesting level is &lt;strong&gt;5&lt;/strong&gt;. Exceeding this will result in a validation error. &lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Strict Rule:&lt;/strong&gt; Each level of the object must contain &lt;strong&gt;exactly one&lt;/strong&gt; of the following keys:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Logical Groups:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;and&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;or&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;not&lt;/code&gt; (used to combine multiple conditions).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Condition:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;field&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;operator&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;value&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Logical Operators:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;and&lt;/code&gt;: Accepts an array of objects. All conditions must be true.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;or&lt;/code&gt;: Accepts an array of objects. At least one condition must be true.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;not&lt;/code&gt;: Accepts a single object. The condition inside must be false.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Condition Object:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;field&lt;/code&gt;: The dot-notation path to the attribute (e.g., id, customer.email, items.price).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;operator&lt;/code&gt;: The comparison method (see list below).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;value&lt;/code&gt;: The value to compare against.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p&gt;The list of available fields for filtering is returned by the &lt;strong&gt;webhook.events&lt;/strong&gt; method in the &lt;strong&gt;filterable_fields&lt;/strong&gt; property. The available fields depend on the webhook entity. If the list for a specific webhook is empty, it means that filtering is not supported for this entity or action.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;The system validates operators against the field type defined in the entity schema.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;string:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;eq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;neq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;in&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;not_in&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;like&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;not_like&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;integer:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;eq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;neq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;gt&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;gte&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;lt&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;lte&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;number:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;eq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;neq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;gt&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;gte&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;lt&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;lte&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;boolean:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;eq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;neq&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;date:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;eq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;neq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;gt&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;gte&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;lt&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;lte&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;array:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;eq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;neq&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;in&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;not_in&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Operators:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;eq&lt;/code&gt;: Exact match. The field value must match the specified value exactly (case sensitive). For array-type fields, compares two arrays regardless of the element order.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;neq&lt;/code&gt;: Not equal. The field value must be different from the specified value.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;like&lt;/code&gt;: Partial match (SQL-style). Case-insensitive. Supported wildcards:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;%&lt;/strong&gt; - matches any sequence of characters (0 or more).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;_&lt;/strong&gt; - matches exactly one character.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; If the value contains the &#39;%&#39; or &#39;_&#39; characters, they must be escaped using a backslash (&#39;\\&#39;). For example, if the string is &#39;demo_&#39;, the value should be specified as &#39;demo\\_&#39;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;not_like&lt;/code&gt;: Inverted Partial Match. Ensures the pattern does not match.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;in&lt;/code&gt;: In List. The field value must match one of the values in the provided array. For array-type fields, the condition is considered valid if at least one element from the provided list exists in the array.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;not_in&lt;/code&gt;: Not In List. The field value must not be present in the provided array. For array-type fields, the condition is considered valid if none of the elements in the array exist in the provided list.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;lt&lt;/code&gt;: Less (Strictly Less). The value is strictly less than value.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;lte&lt;/code&gt;: Less than or equal to.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;gt&lt;/code&gt;: Strictly Greater. The value is strictly greater than value.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;gte&lt;/code&gt;: Greater than or equal to.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Please note: the filter is universal for all platforms; however, for some platforms, certain fields may never be populated. Before defining a filter, make sure that the field is populated for the specific platform. Otherwise, a webhook configured with such a filter may never be triggered.&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt; | [optional]
**idempotency_key** | **string** | A unique identifier associated with a specific request. Repeated requests with the same &lt;strong&gt;idempotency_key&lt;/strong&gt; return a cached response without re-executing the business logic. &lt;strong&gt;Please note that the cache lifetime is 15 minutes.&lt;/strong&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
